Update onboard-your-data.md (#108772)
Azure/azure-content: articles/applied-ai-services/metrics-advisor/how-tos/onboard-your-data.md

#### 1. Basic settings
Next you'll input a set of parameters to connect your time-series data source. 
* **Source Type**: The type of data source where your time series data is stored.

> * **Granularity**: The interval between consecutive data points in your time series data. Currently Metrics Advisor supports: Yearly, Monthly, Weekly, Daily, Hourly, minutely, and Custom. The lowest interval the customization option supports is 60 seconds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Granularity**: The interval between consecutive data points in your time series data. Currently Metrics Advisor supports: Yearly, Monthly, Weekly, Daily, Hourly, per minute, and Custom. The lowest interval the customization option supports is 60 seconds.
```
